4 - Jared (Use case access)

Whilst we plan to model our app architecture to the existing work processes as much as possible so that employees are able to better assimilate into the new system better, there are a couple areas in the current processes that were no longer relevant due to automation. That results to a couple new things for people to do, but not to worry, lots of improvements will be made ultimately. 

For the user accesses, we have set the system up to allow the branch manager to at least have read access to the other business entities, since it's likely that the branch manager would need to onboard and orient any new hires, so having read accesses across the board would help to facilitate that. Without going too much in depth, each of the actors will at least have full c-r-u-d permissions for their work domain (except Promoters, since they primarily only need to access product information). For other business entities, they'll only have read access if they require specific info to supplement their work.

In case that was too technical, here are some examples (not exhaustive) of what each of the employees are able to do. For example, for generating reports, the branch manager would be the main user that generates the reports (since he uses it for the end of day reports), but the cashier may also use this to confirm the sale transactions on their POS. Similarly, the storeman is the main user for checking and updating the inventory. To prevent any discrepancies like what we've discovered from our employee interviews, other employees have no access to this since their work streams aren't affected by the store's inventory. 
